add: .net6 bUnit youtube video plus books and SO (#728)
bUnit-dev/bUnit: docs/site/docs/getting-started/index.md

2. **[Verifying output in various ways](xref:verification)** from a component under test, e.g. inspecting the rendered markup.
3. **[Mocking dependencies](xref:test-doubles)** a component under test has, e.g. the `IJsRuntime` or `HttpClient`.

> ## Quick start video
> The following video is from NDC Oslo 2021 giving an introduction into bUnit:
> 
> [![bUnit NDC Oslo 2021](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Co7QetPYiO4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Co7QetPYiO4)
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Introduction video

This video gives an introduction to bUnit, what it is, why its needed, and how to use it. It covers different testing strategies, and how to build maintainable test and maintainable components.

[![Best practices unit testing Blazor components with bUnit - Egil Hansen - NDC Oslo 2021](https://img.youtube.com/vi/Co7QetPYiO4/0.jpg)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Co7QetPYiO4)

```

Can we call it a quick start when its 50 minutes?

Author: Well point taken :D But still for someone how might not be well experienced in Blazor / Unit Testing 50 minutes is "quick" ;)
